[TV static drones]
[bright tone]
[tense music]
- What part
of "leave him the hell alone"
did you not understand?
- Somebody had to do something.
- I'm sorry, Daddy.
I was weak.
I let Jesse and Judy
peer-pressure me.
- Peer-pressure you?
We did it all together
as the new generation.
- What?
- Uh, as the new generation
of Christian thought leaders,
our time.
[phone vibrates]
[phone buttons clicking]
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
[siren wailing]
Jesus.
[music intensifies]
♪ ♪
[firetruck horn honks]
[overlapping chatter]
- Fuck.
- Have you told anyone else
about this?
Does anybody else know
you were here?
- No, Daddy, just you.
- Don't tell anybody else.
Do you understand?
This stays with us.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Praise ♪
♪ Praise ♪
all: ♪ Lead me down
to the river ♪
♪ Down to the river ♪
♪ Where I'll give
my life away ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ ♪
- [grunts]
- ♪ Down to the river ♪
♪ Where I'll give
my life away ♪
- [wincing]
Ah, ah.
[groans]
- You and the men are doing
excellent work.
Be it his will,
the harvest will be bountiful.
- Praise be to he.
We've been working really hard.
Everybody's
in really high spirits.
- Way to keep the faith,
my friend.
Make sure the men
finish their chores.
And, uh, I'll meet you
in the steam showers,
but bring Titus and Odd Chris.
I could smell them
during worship.
- [sniffs]
- The fuck is this?
A refugee camp?
- I'm expanding my repertoire.
I told y'all I'm not
gonna be a youth minister
my whole dang life.
- So what,
you're collecting muscle mens?
- No. All members of the
Kelvin Gemstone God Squad
are here voluntarily.
We lift, we pray, and we are
mindful of our diets--
clean living, being ripped,
and getting high on Christ.
- Okay, well,
whatever this bullshit is,
I don't got time for it, okay?
Our daddy killed that reporter.
- Mm-mm.
You got a sick mind, Jesse.
- Thank you, Kelvin.
That's exactly what
I been sayin' to him.
- You guys were there.
You saw him--
coming in all late,
acting all suspicious,
blood on his damn trousers.
It's obvious.
- If our daddy had anything
to do with it,
why would he take us back
to the scene of the crime?
- Yeah, Jesse, that don't make
no fucking sense.
- Okay. If Daddy's as squeaky
clean as you two think he is,
then why was that reporter here
in the first place?
- He hates Christians?
- And I guess
it's just a big coincidence
that Daddy's shady-ass friend
from Memphis
just breezes into town
right before this happens?
Y'all heard dude
at church lunch,
talking about "handling it,"
"taking care of business."
They fucking whacked him.
- Oh.
- Okay.
Oh, you goin' too far now,
Jesse.
Call our daddy a killer
one more time,
and see if I don't beat
that ass.
- Oh, you wish.
Man, you ain't as tough
as you think you are.
- You know what?
- Oh, come on.
I'ma join Kelvin's anger,
and I'ma join him
at beating yo' ass.
- Come on,
you want some of this, boy?
- Yeah, you want some of it?
Stop talking shit on Daddy,
boy.
- Don't talk shit on Daddy,
- All right, whatever.
Y'all are lying to yourselves.
[chuckles]
You don't know Daddy as well
as you think you do.
That man is cold as ice.
Recognize.
Judy, you need a ride?
- Yeah, I'll take one.
- Get one.
- Who cares, Jesse?
I'ma ride up
on one of these boys home.
- I'll just drive you home.
[TV news intro music plays]
- The news media and the world
mourns the passing
of Peabody Award winning
journalist Thaniel Block
in what some are calling
a suspicious fire.
- Do I think
it was an accident?
No.
[phone rings]
He was investigating
some very powerful people,
and he died.
- Dr. Gemstone,
there's a gentleman
here at the gate
wishing to see you,
a Glendon Marsh, Jr.
Says he was your guest here
the other night,
but I don't see him registered
on the guest list.
Would you like me
to let him in?
Yes, sir.
Sorry, sir.
Dr. Gemstone is a busy man.
I couldn't get ahold of him.
- I just heard you talkin'
to him.
- Yea--
that was his housekeeper.
Have a blessed day.
- Well...
how 'bout that?
Now, you gon' treat a old man
like a asshole.
You're lucky I don't get
outta this car
and knock those fuckin' teeth
outta your mouth.
- Like I said, sir,
have a blessed day.
[door slides shut]
- See the mighty power
of our Lord and savior
flowing through the
Kelvin Gemstone God Squad!
[upbeat dance music, cheers]
[gong rings]
- Florida Cody, everybody!
- [grunting]
[cheers and applause]
Liam!
Titus!
- [grunts]
- Now let's give it up
for the best,
strongest behemoth on my squad,
Torsten!
He is a devout Christian,
captain of the football team,
and he even dated
the prom queen.
But that female put Torsten
in quite the predicament.
Gave him an ultimatum:
his celibacy or his soul.
[cheers and applause]
Well, I think
you know his answer.
If that's not virgin power,
I don't know what is.
If these Christian men
can achieve
such amazing feats
of strength individually,
just imagine what we can all
accomplish together.
- ♪ Work that, work that,
work that, work that ♪
♪ Work that, work that,
work that ♪
work that, work that ♪
♪ Work that,
♪ ♪
♪ Work that, work that body,
body ♪
- [grunting]
[cheers and applause]
- Ah--dude, please don't
stand on my neck.
It's too much weight.
[grunting]
- Nowhere else to step.
I mis--
I miscalculated, okay?
Just deal with it.
The kids are loving it.
- Ah! There's my tendon.
Get down the leg.
Get down the leg, come on.
- Be cool, Titus.
- I can't, I can't, I can't!
[kids screaming, gasping]
- Ow!
- Oh, no.
- [groaning]
- Are you okay?
- Did it look cool?
- So cool.
[all groaning]
- Ow, my hips.
My hipbone.
- Oh, no.
Ah! Ah!
- Okay.
Oh...we need a medic.
- Medic!
[music stops]
- Someone get a fucking medic!
[all gasping]
- Thank you, Lord, for
bringing us all here together
to enjoy this delicious food
from Fancy Nancy's.
May it give us sustenance
and strength.
In your name, amen.
all: Amen.
- Mm.
The Lissons just sent over
some materials for the hotel.
I think they're getting
a little antsy.
Any ideas on new investors?
- Really, Amber?
I mean, do you think
we are in any state
to attract investors right now?
I mean, in case you missed it,
a reporter died in a fire,
and people are trying
to blame the Gemstones.
- Nobody's trying
- Twitter is.
- See?
This is exactly the problem
with lame-stream media.
Believe half of what you see
and just a little bit
of what you hear,
and monkey see, monkey do,
monkey pee all over you.
- I don't know.
After he came out with the
story about the Butterfields?
Bet Grandaddy killed him.
- Pontius.
Why would you say that?
- It's what I would do.
- No,
that is disrespectful talk,
and I will not have that
at this table.
- Yeah, Pontch, you know
Granddad ain't like that.
- Thank you.
- If he was gonna do it,
he'd just hire someone.
He's too smart.
- Exactly.
Wait, what?
- I bet he'd pay cartel guys
or, like,
an assassin to burn him alive.
- Granddaddy burned someone?
- No, baby.
Abraham, no, no, no.
Jesse, are you gonna
say something or...
- Mm.
Yeah.
Knock it off.
You're gonna
scare your brother.
Your granddad didn't
burn anybody alive.
If he did it,
he put a bullet
in that reporter's head,
then he burned up the cabin
to cover up his tracks.
- A bullet in the head, huh?
- Nah,
I like burning alive better.
- A lot of people like
the bullet in the head better,
'cause that's more realistic
and what's probably happened
if somebody was there
to witness it and to
be able to confirm
the kill method.
- Everybody, just eat
your Fancy Nancy's, okay?
Granddaddy is not a murderer.
New subject.
- Tobias, bring it around!
- Hey, can you get me a spot?
- Nah, go take a break.
- I drew you a piping hot
mustard seed
and Epsom salt bath.
I heard from the hospital.
Liam's gonna be okay,
but seven
of his ribs were broken
and one punctured something.
- The men stacked wrong.
[chuckles]
They are soft on fundamentals.
What's going on?
What are they saying?
- Titus was rubbing his neck
on the drive home
and showed some of the guys
where your shoe
made a mark on it,
but that's it.
- [laughs]
Well...
I guess someone's been slippin'
on leg day, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Something might have
to be done about Titus.
- I agree completely--
100%.
But I'm afraid to say
that some of the others
have been questioning
their place here as well.
That's the downside
of assembling
an entire group of alpha males.
As they grow stronger,
they grow more defiant.
Some have been slacking
on their Bible study too.
- [huffs]
Son of a B.
I do not have time
for this drama right now.
- Brother,
what's troubling you?
Your mind seems dark and black.
[soft music]
- If I tell you,
you can tell no one.
- I promise
to keep your secret,
and if I don't, you can cut my
tongue out with rusted shears
and bury it deep.
- Deal.
Jesse, Judy, and I...
we stumbled across a dead body.
Multiple dead bodies, actually.
One of which was that reporter.
- Did you kill him?
- No.
We were there to talk,
protect our family name.
I know you don't know my daddy
all that well,
but...
you don't think
he's the type of person
to murder someone, do you?
- It's hard to say.
Human beings are capable
of horrific things...
Depending on the circumstances.
Are we in trouble, friend?
- I guess it depends
on who did it.
♪ ♪
Hey, Daddy.
You wanted to see me?
Everything okay?
- No, Kelvin,
everything's not okay.
What in God's name happened
at your muscleman youth show?
- Oh.
Oh, you--I mean,
you probably are thinking
of the unfortunate injury
Liam suffered
during the massive muscle
pyramid stunt.
- That's the one.
- [scoffs]
Okay.
First of all, Daddy,
you do not need
to worry about it.
Okay?
He will heal,
and I will take care of it.
- Oh, good, so you'll take care
of the lawsuit too.
- Abso--
lawsuit?
- The injured muscle boy
is suin' the church.
I got the letter today.
If I ain't got enough
going on around here
with this reporter's death,
now I have
to clean up your mess,
pay for your stupid mistakes.
You're the youngest,
but that doesn't mean
you have to act like
a damn child!
Take some responsibility
for once in your life!
Grow up!
- [huffs]
- Or is that too much to ask?
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
Damn it!
[knock on door]
- Dr. Gemstone, it's time for
your meetin' with the deacons.
- Coming.
I'm trying to be patient,
Kelvin.
I'm trying to understand you,
son.
I really am,
but you're a big boy now.
Time to put on
your big boy pants,
stop wasting your time playing
with your muscular boys.
- They're muscle men, Daddy!
[phone ringing]
[birds chirping,
insects buzzing]
- So I was just kind of
moving stuff around,
settling in, and I--
I found some boxes
of Granddad's old stuff
in the closet.
Come take a look.
- Oh.
Look how young he was.
Back when he had
all his faculties.
Pretty cool.
- It is cool.
Uh, but there's--there's more.
Some stuff
that's not so cool too.
I mean,
maybe Pontius was right.
- "Glendon Marsh orders killing
of Memphis police officers."
- Glendon is Junior's pop.
Daddy used to wrassle
for Glendon.
Says there in that article that
he would use the wrestlers
as enforcers for his gang.
My suspicions were spot-on.
Daddy brought Junior here
because he wanted him
to ice that reporter.
- Okay, look, I know
when Daddy was a boy,
he used to run around,
get in trouble--
- Then he met Mama
and turned his life around.
Blah, blah, blah.
That's the Lifetime Movie
of the Week version,
the bought and sold,
made for the masses.
What I'm trying to get to
is that Ken Burns documentary.
What's the real with Daddy?
How nasty was he?
- [clears throat]
I'm sorry.
I couldn't help but overhear.
Judy,
I didn't want to worry you,
but I saw something very
strange with your daddy today.
- What, BJ?
- I was out rollerblading...
[upbeat funky music]
♪ ♪
- You rollerblade?
- It's an exercise I do
to keep swole.
- ♪ My name is Yum Yum,
gimme some ♪
♪ My name is Yum Yum,
♪ My name is
Yum Yum, gimme some ♪
♪ My name is Yum Yum,
gimme some ♪
♪ I like ice cream ♪
♪ Most of all,
I like the girls...♪
- I was crushing
some heel-toes,
fishtails, slaloms,
hockey turns...
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
[music stops]
When I noticed Dr. Gemstone.
[dramatic music]
I yelled out, "Hi, Daddy,"
"Hey, Dr. Gemstone,"
but no response.
He got on this ride
called The Exodus.
From the shadows,
I watched him.
♪ ♪
He rode it...
All by himself...
Over and over...
and over and over.
- The Exodus.
That's a big clue.
- Yeah, I'm not seein' it.
- Daddy always hated
that rollercoaster, Jesse--
always.
He never would ride it with me
'cause he said
it gave him bubble guts,
and now he's ridin' it alone
like a psychopath?
- And why is that, you think,
'cause he's trying
to kill somebody?
- Sure,
that's classic psycho behavior.
Daddy's on this over
and over again by himself
to whip himself up
into a murder frenzy.
- Murder frenzy?
- Yeah.
Like when people are getting
all high and horny
on a rollercoaster,
just like, ahh!
- That didn't happen.
Everything you just said
is a guess, all right?
This rollercoaster
ain't part of the case.
This ain't shit.
- [huffs]
It's part of my case,
'cause BJ saw it.
- Found you.
What're you all doing?
Being secretive
behind people's backs?
- Ain't nobody being secretive.
We're just solving this case
in real time.
We ain't trying
to give people fucking updates.
- Daddy's friend Junior--
dude's in the mafia.
Or some redneck version of it.
- Why do you even care?
Why are you here?
All you're gonna do
is just argue
and act like you
the damn expert on Daddy,
when you ain't.
- Okay.
Fine.
I guess I'll just leave,
but I'll be taking this.
- The fuck is that?
- It's Daddy's phone, dummy.
Cellular devices,
it's what the police use
to catch terrorists
and pedos these days.
It's got everything.
Locations, biometrics.
GPS metadata.
Digital secrets.
- There's digital secrets
on there?
- What's on there, Kelvin?
- Digital secrets, Judy.
I just said that.
It's got all kinds of juicy
stuff in here probably.
But it is password protected.
- What,
you don't know his passcode?
- I do.
It's easy.
It's his birthday.
He uses it for everything.
- Cool, plug it in.
Put it in, Kelvin.
- Put it--just--
- Yeah, plug it.
- Plug in his birthday, yeah.
- Plug it in.
Put it in--put in his birthday.
- Daddy's birthday.
- Plug it.
- Ah...yeah, I'm havin'--
I'm having a little
brain toot right now.
W-what--what is his
birthday exactly?
The exact date?
- Jesse, tell Kelvin,
um, Daddy's birthday.
- What is it, June, July?
Wh--I don't know.
- No, man, it's winter.
'Cause remember, Daddy's got
one of those birthdays
where you get screwed 'cause
it's so close to Christmas.
- Uh, no, dummy, that's me.
- Oh.
- Hold on.
Let me Google this shit.
Let me see.
- Yeah.
Good idea, plug that.
- Whoo, we were way off.
September.
Plug in this: 0-9-0-6,
fiddy-two.
- 0-9-0-6--
Ugh, dang it.
- What's the problem?
- That was last week.
We forgot Daddy's birthday.
- Oh, dang.
- Oh, well.
Okay, it worked.
We're in.
All right, uh,
first text chain.
Between Martin and Daddy.
- Here we go.
- Night of the murder,
9:25 p.m.
- Mm-hmm.
- "Went out with Junior.
"Things went sideways.
"Need your help here.
Now.
Total shit show."
12:02 a.m., Daddy writes,
"Hate to have put you in
that predicament,
"old friend.
"Thanks for cleaning up
my mess.
Goes without saying,
but this stays between us."
Martin replies with a...
thumbs up emoji.
- Fuck.
Thumbs up emoji?
- [sighs]
- O--okay, uh...
Daddy and Junior,
day after the murder, 3:02 p.m.
"Last night reminded me
of old times.
I set 'em up,
you knock 'em down."
- Oh, my God.
That's Dixie mafia.
Those are the old times.
- And "knock 'em down"
means kill.
- And "kill" means murder.
- And murder causes death.
[rollercoaster rattles]
- Kill, kill, kill,
kill, kill, kill.
- Hear you wanted to see me.
- Hey, Daddy.
Hey, uh,
we--we have to talk to you
about something tough.
And you can be honest with us.
Our allegiance is with you,
not man's laws.
- What's this all about?
- We know that...
you had that reporter...
Eliminated.
- And we just want you to know,
Daddy, that we discussed it,
and we think
what you did was right.
We are team Eli.
- You hired Junior
to smoke him,
and we think that's dope,
not scary.
I'm glad you did him.
- Did him?
- Killed, sweet Daddy.
Now, come on.
Stop acting old and feeble,
and just tell the truth, okay?
- We know about Junior's daddy
Glendon.
He was a criminal.
Junior was one too.
You didn't want Thaniel finding
out about your criminal past,
so you had Junior pop him.
- That's what
you kids think of me?
- Daddy, come on.
You get home all late at night,
outta breath,
sending text messages
about stuff.
- Riding rollercoasters.
- I didn't do it,
but I am worried
that maybe Junior did.
He comes from a bad way,
doesn't know any better.
That's how his kinda people
take care of things.
- Okay, and you had nothin'
to do with it?
Blood all on your hands
and khakis.
How the hell'd
that get there then?
- I was hoping to not
have to discuss this.
[quiet music]
I didn't have anything
to do with that man's death.
- But...you were there?
[sultry music]
- Junior invited me out bowling
with a couple
of hairdresser friends he met
while he was in town.
Just some good old
harmless fun.
All of a sudden,
Junior says he has to go,
he has to do
something important.
Would I mind getting
his friend home?
♪ ♪
Junior's other friend
was kind enough
to invite me in for a nightcap.
Again, totally harmless.
[pop]
- Ooh.
- Until she asked me if I
wanted to go in her hot tub.
- I like to go in the buff.
[sultry music continues]
♪ ♪
- Oh,
this is beyond embarrassing,
but I had recently read
this article about this thing,
manscaping,
so I decided to give it a try.
[razor buzzing]
Suppose my hands aren't
as steady as they once were.
Ah!
[breathing heavily]
- And you cut off
your sagging ball bag?
- Not off.
- Okay.
No--wh--wh--hey, whoa, whoa.
Wh-wh--what are we talking
about here?
- Wait a minute.
So you were trimming
you pubic hairs,
and you sliced your testicles?
That's how you got blood
on your khakis?
- I felt like a fool.
And then I really
started bleeding out,
so I called Martin.
- That's why Martin lied.
Didn't want us to know you
were trimmin' your pubic hair.
- Yes, I guess so.
- What the actual fuck, Daddy?
You're dating?
- No.
I mean, I don't know.
Nothing serious.
Just casual.
- Casually dating women?
- Yes, Judy.
- Not Mama?
- No, Jesse, not Mama.
- So you're two-timing Mama?
- Shavin' your nuts
for some other bitch.
- Jesus Christ, Daddy.
Why couldn't have you
just killed somebody?
- Disgusting.
- ♪ Getting by,
good and high ♪
- ♪ And strange ♪
- ♪ Gonna get some strange ♪
- ♪ I'll keep living
till the day I die ♪
♪ As long as I can
get it up for... ♪
- The world is full of people
who will fail you,
let you down,
betray you.
In tonight's reading, we shall
discuss how even Jesus Christ
overcame obstacles.
[soft rattling]
Titus, come on, now.
Join the men.
Ass meets mat,
crisscross applesauce.
Let's do this.
- Can't.
My hammy cramps
when I sit like that.
- That's fine.
Just...
take a knee.
- You know, get on your--
get on your knees.
- Nah.
I'ma keep riding.
- Too cool for school,
huh, Titus?
- Not too cool.
Just here to get ripped, bro,
not sit around for story times
like a fucking toddler.
- No!
Too far, Titus!
Okay, that's it.
That is it!
Keefe,
summon the men to the firepit.
Have them dress in their formal
evening athletic attire.
Too far, Titus.
Titus of Tampa Bay.
You challenged me twice
this week, didn't ya?
- Come on, brother Kelvin,
I was just trying to voice--
- I'm the one with the voice!
Okay?
I am the leader.
I am the alpha, not you.
Here, we say,
"Strength above all else."
That is our motto.
So if you feel you are
strong enough to lead us,
prove it, Titus.
Bear the cross!
[intense chords]
Seems simple enough,
doesn't it?
Big, strong man like you
carrying this cross
30 little steps,
20 feet probably.
Jesus Christ carried his cross
2,000 feet.
- Could Jesus Christ
bench press 455 pounds?
- What say you, Titus?
Have you the power
you think you have?
- When I'm done
manhandlin' this cross,
I'm takin'
an inside-the-house bed.
[intense music]
♪ ♪
[growls]
[grunting]
That's right!
This is all me.
[grunting]
[yelling]
My hammy.
My ha--my hamstring.
Ah!
[groans]
[screaming in pain]
I had it.
Ah!
- [whining mockingly]
[laughing]
Well, men,
it appears
as though my judgement
to challenge the fallen...
[singsong] Was just.
Titus, you must learn
to respect my authority.
And people who like
to think I am still a child
need to understand I am not.
I'm full-grown.
I'm a man.
Torsten, Sky,
please secure this traitor
in the containment unit.
Let's see if seven days
and seven nights
in solitary confinement
can help him.
- No!
Hey, no!
[Sky grunting]
No!
[screaming]
You're a joke!
Destruction
will come upon thee,
and I will do the coming!
- Ooh.
That's nasty.
[intense percussive music]
- [humming]
♪ Bum bum-bum bum bum ♪
- Hi, Eli.
- Aah!
- [laughing]
Where you been?
- What the hell are you doin'?
- We need
to clear some things up.
'Cause I thought we was pals,
Bubba.
Why you ain't answerin'
my calls?
- I know we used
to roll together,
but my life
took a different path.
I met my Aimee-Leigh,
and she changed me.
We're not
in the same world now.
I'm not a thug no more, Junior.
- But I still am,
is that what you're saying?
Eli...
you think
you're better'n me?
You ain't nobody.
You come from the same place
I come from--worse.
You come from Shitwater,
Arkansas, over the bridge.
- Go back to Memphis.
Don't come here no more.
I don't wanna be your friend.
- [small laugh]
Damn.
Well, now I know
the real score.
Man, ice cold, Eli.
Ice cold.
That's fine.
I tell you what.
If we ain't friends,
we enemies.
How you like that?
[uptempo Western music]
all: ♪ Oh, sinner,
sinner, sinner ♪
♪ Oh, sinner man,
where you gonna run to ♪
♪ Oh, sinner man, where
you gonna run to ♪
♪ Oh, sinner man,
where you gonna run to ♪
♪ All on that day ♪
- ♪ Oh, well,
I run to the stars ♪
♪ Stars, won't you hide me ♪
♪ I run to the stars,
stars, won't you hide me ♪
♪ I run to the stars, stars,
won't you hide me ♪
all: ♪ All on that day ♪
♪ Well, the Lord said,
sinner man ♪
♪ The stars
will be a-fallin' ♪
♪ The Lord said, sinner man ♪
♪ The stars
will be a-fallin' ♪
♪ The Lord said, sinner man ♪
♪ The stars
will be a-fallin' ♪
♪ All on that day ♪
- ♪ Oh, well,
I run to the moon ♪
♪ Moon, won't you hide me ♪
♪ I run to the moon ♪
all: ♪ All on that day ♪
♪ Satan said, sinner man ♪
♪ Step right in ♪
♪ All on that day ♪
♪ All on that ♪
♪ Da-aa-aay ♪
♪ All on that day ♪
♪ Sinner man ♪
[bright tone]